Florida Man attempts to smoke crack in ICU, almost burns down hospital.
Florida Man flashes buttocks at IHOP after impersonating a police officer to get free food.
Florida Man bites off neighbor's ear because he wouldn't give him a cigarette.
Florida man claims wife was kidnapped by holograms.
Drunk Florida Man attempts to ride bike through Taco Bell drive-thru, fights with police.
Florida Man inches closer to one-way trip to Mars.
Florida Man holds up Domino's delivery man over pizza and wings. 
Florida Man steals 850 pairs of underwear from Victoria's Secret.
Florida Man really, really wants to force a jury to watch his sex tape.
Elderly Florida Man caught masturbating in McDonald's parking lot, claims his privacy was invaded.
Florida Man attacks nephew over undercooked noodles.
Florida Man sets apartment complex on fire after manager told him to stop masturbating in front of windows.
Florida Man arrested for smoking pot in hospital maternity ward.
Florida Man calls 911 to check on his tax return. 
Florida Man convicted of burying ex-reporter in concrete for his "Magic: The Gathering" collection.
Florida Man tattoos black widow spider on his face to combat arachnophobia. 
Florida Man sent to jail after pouring hot sauce on 3-month-old puppy.
Florida Men attack ice cream man who wouldn't take $20 bill for pickled sausage.
Florida man arrested after urinating on in-law's carpet during Thanksgiving gathering.
Florida Man pokes girlfriend in the eye after she served him waffles instead of pancakes.
Florida Man attempts to leave store with chainsaw stuffed down his pants.
Florida Man offers police officer $3 and chicken dinner for sex.
Florida Man resists arrest while dressed in Boy Scout costume.
Florida Man, once arrested for fighting drag queen with a tiki torch while dressed like KKK member, now running for mayor.
Florida Man tries to avoid court appearance by claiming he has Ebola.
Florida Man steals 36,000 pounds of Crisco.
Florida Man caught with "active" meth lab in his pants.
Tar-smeared Florida Man arrested on convenience store roof at 3 a.m
Florida Man accidentally butt-dials 911 while cooking meth with his mom.
Florida Man arrested for punching 80-year-old man at Applebee's.
Masked Florida Man steals $300 worth of sex toys.
Florida Man escapes prison to buy beer, no one notices.
Florida Man attacks ATM with hatchet after it refuses to take his check.
Florida Man accused of catching and eating protected tortoises. 
Naked Florida Man captured after threatening passers-by with sword.
Florida Man calls 911 to complain about police officer's slow ticket writing skills.
Florida Man launches chair at mailman because he had no mail for him.
Florida Man mistakes senior government officials for foreigners.
Florida Man sentenced to prison for attempting to start "race war" near Disney World.
Florida Men surprised to learn mannequin is actually dead body.
Florida Man proposes to girlfriend, ties ring to alligator.
Florida Man removes facial tattoos with welding grinder.
Florida Man claiming to be Teddy Roosevelt's relative banned from Holiday Inn after threatening to hit manager.
Florida Man convinced school tests will turn students gay.
Florida man tries to break into car, arrested by deputies waiting inside
Florida man wrecks liquor shop, blames 'caterpillar' from Alice in Wonderland
Florida man stuffs $1K in rectum to hide it from deputies
Florida man calls 911 during police chase, asks for Donald Trump
Florida students find dead alligator, bring it to dorm room
Florida man reportedly breaks into garage, drinks wine cooler and takes torch
Florida man high on meth climbs onto stranger's roof to howl, deputies say
Florida woman arrested for DUI on a horse, charged with animal neglect
Florida man tells deputies he was shooting at rats in his backyard after 8-hour standoff
Tampa teacher arrested for drunkenly letting a 14-year-old boy drive her to Waffle House
Deputies: Man Googles how to burn down house before burning down girlfriend's parents' house
Florida man charged with DUI while driving lawn mower
Florida men caught with stolen power pole strapped to SUV in wake of Hurricane Irma
Florida man drives recklessly on beach, streams it all on Facebook Live
Four people attempt to climb Disney's 'Tree of Life' at Animal Kingdom
Florida man arrested after his surveillance cameras recorded him dealing drugs
Naked Florida man throws large objects into traffic from 30-story building in Florida
Florida man awarded a settlement after police mistake doughnut glaze for meth
Florida man goes viral for unique way to tow a boat
Florida man arrested after hiding motor oil and DVDs in pants
Florida man tries to jump canal with his car in Florida
Florida man calls 911, says he needs a ride to Hooters